Hmm...We're talking about Infinity War.
Ohw! That was okay. I mean
I didn't really cry because I didn't know half the characters.
Ohw! actually, I watch...
What was the space guys again?
The Guardians of the Galaxy, I'm watch them. Oh, they're good. They're so funny.
How's that? Ohw!!...No
Ohw! I don't know...I don't know anything about it. wow
Hm...hmmmm
Alright.
Ha haaa....That's what I'm trying to do it
Hm..hmmm
Ohw!
I watched the Captain America movie. Like the first one.
I think thats it. I think thats it..lot of them (***) Galaxy. Haaan?
I already know what this is.
Hmm hmmm
Ohw!
Haa haaa
Or something. Or something.
Honestly? I feel like...
Movie serious? I feel like they are only good as long as they don't stretch it out for too long.
Yeah!
What do you think of like the Star Wars? (***) do you like three above?
Star Wars.
are the bad one?
I dont know...(***) Oh the other way never mind
Aaam....
Haaa.haaaa...Ummm
Ok
I don't know Star Wars like...
There's two trilogies, like book one through six. I think they're okay. They're good.
Ah..like..1 through 6 cuz there's like the prequels and the actual trilogy
Uh, there's like nine...Nine and one
But I prefer the shows actually, they do a lot better than those.
Like, the movies are a good fun though
Haa haaa
I watch just a lot of historical movies..(***)
Um....
(***) two because it's the most popular genre of movie.
They are...
Um...
You know...there is actually a live adaptation of a manga and anime.
Its..It's called Uh...Golden Calamary.
Yeah, it's the first movie adaptation I did it was so good
The casting? 8. The setting?
The storyline, they did such a good job.
They were so good at it. Normally...
like live action movies of animes or mangas
FaceTalk. You're always so bad.
But this one is like they like played up however
Ridiculous it is but they also kept like some of the actual serious tone
Animes and Mangas looks like a comedy.. With like serious circle tone
What are they gonna do? She's just getting carried away.
Weird? Weird!